perf(p2p): Change channel.recentlySent to be based on num_messages (#2957)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/2957-improve-channel-prioritization.md

> - `[p2p]` Improve the prioritization of which channel to gossip from, by changing channel deprioritization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[p2p]` Change the prioritization of which channel to send packets from, by having de-prioritization
```

>   to be based on the number of messages in the channel, rather than the size of messages communicated on the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to be based on the number of messages rather than the byte size of packets recently sent on the channel.
```
